Hieronymus v0.9.0 qualification
Candidate source: d6d93f766e78cea09fb0573170e5c1019409f422
Successful run: https://github.com/InkyQuill/hieronymus/actions/runs/34721365040
Target/session: x86_64-unknown-linux-gnu gnome-appindicator/x11
Artifact SHA256: 07c9a45ed67fefe80ff5a42d5678f793f82442f480a90a9b841e72642e577f21

UNQUALIFIED. No final-byte physical desktop observations were made for this target/session. The owner authorized publication with explicit testing gaps. Intel macOS must remain unqualified. Earlier PR receipts and the superseded b4f2cba candidate are not reused as qualification of these binaries.

native-semantic-mcp: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

startup: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

duplicate-start: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

model-acquisition: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

semantic-failure: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

provider-failure-recovery-untested: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

three-probe-failures: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

restart: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

failed-stop: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

quit-preserves-login: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

login-toggle: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

next-login: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

interactive-menu: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

missing-tray-host: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

host-restart: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

theme: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

dpi: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

console-grant: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

active-upgrade: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

rollback: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

uninstall: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

secret-free-diagnostics: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

pending-native-operation: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

private-storage-failure: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

native-manager-update: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

live-tray-replacement: UNAVAILABLE. The required physical desktop/session was not exercised on these final bytes; earlier-source observations and CI do not qualify it.

Separate automated CI evidence for this target: the final extracted package passed real model inference and authenticated MCP in the candidate run above. This does not upgrade unavailable desktop-session checks.

running 1 test
test final_native_payload_runs_semantic_inference_and_authenticated_mcp ... ok

test result: ok. 1 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 5.97s

